README.md, before:

# LUXCIUM LICENSE

<!-- #† LUXCIUM LICENSE *NO* PERMISSION GRANTED - PROVIDED "AS IS" - WITHOUT WARRANTY -->

## NOTICE

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ALL OR ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ALL OR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**Copyright © 2021 - LUXCIUM† (Benjamin Vincent Kasapoglu)**

## PROVIDED "*AS IS*" - WITHOUT WARRANTY

Theses files are *not* fit for any particular purpose in it's current form theses files have not been  testet or run yet in all or any environements! **Do not** run theses files unless you have reviewed the full content and take full resposability of any probleme it may cause to you (or anyone) or your machine (or any machine).

## **NO** PERMISSION ARE GRANTED FOR THIS SOFTWARE

    1) NOT TO PUBLISH;
    2) NOT TO DISTRIBUTE;
    3) NOT TO SUBLICENSE;
    4) NOT TO SELL COPIES OF;

### EXCEPTIONS

    YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO:

    A) USE IT FOR YOURSELF;
    B) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR FRIENDS;
    C) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR STUDENTS;
    D) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR COWORKER;

    FOR PERSONAL USE; AT HOME, AT SCHOOL OR AT WORK

    IN ALL OR ANY CASES THE COPYRIGHT AND NOTICE ABOVE MUST BE INCLUDED

<!-- #† LUXCIUM LICENSE *NO* PERMISSION GRANTED - PROVIDED "AS IS" - WITHOUT WARRANTY -->

###### **THE LUXCIUM OWL LOGO IS A TRADEMARK OF BENJAMIN VINCENT KASAPOGLU (™ & © 2017-2021 ALL RIGHT RESERVED)**

###### Scientia es lux principium✨ ™

Commit message:

docs: add report issue URL

README.md, after:

# LUXCIUM LICENSE

<!-- #† LUXCIUM LICENSE *NO* PERMISSION GRANTED - PROVIDED "AS IS" - WITHOUT WARRANTY -->

## NOTICE

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ALL OR ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS WILL BE LIABLE FOR ALL OR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

**Copyright © 2021 - LUXCIUM† (Benjamin Vincent Kasapoglu)**

## PROVIDED "*AS IS*" - WITHOUT WARRANTY

Theses files are *not* fit for any particular purpose in it's current form theses files have not been  testet or run yet in all or any environements! **Do not** run theses files unless you have reviewed the full content and take full resposability of any probleme it may cause to you (or anyone) or your machine (or any machine).

You must report any security problems or vulnerability on the [luxcium-utils issues](https://github.com/Luxcium/luxcium-utils/issues/) page of the official repo site.

## **NO** PERMISSION ARE GRANTED FOR THIS SOFTWARE

    1) NOT TO PUBLISH;
    2) NOT TO DISTRIBUTE;
    3) NOT TO SUBLICENSE;
    4) NOT TO SELL COPIES OF;

### EXCEPTIONS

    YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO:

    A) USE IT FOR YOURSELF;
    B) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR FRIENDS;
    C) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR STUDENTS;
    D) DISTRIBUTE IT TO YOUR COWORKER;

    FOR PERSONAL USE; AT HOME, AT SCHOOL OR AT WORK

    IN ALL OR ANY CASES THE COPYRIGHT AND NOTICE ABOVE MUST BE INCLUDED

<!-- #† LUXCIUM LICENSE *NO* PERMISSION GRANTED - PROVIDED "AS IS" - WITHOUT WARRANTY -->

###### **THE LUXCIUM OWL LOGO IS A TRADEMARK OF BENJAMIN VINCENT KASAPOGLU (™ & © 2017-2021 ALL RIGHT RESERVED)**

###### Scientia es lux principium✨ ™
